## Disaster Bomb Game
The project for the 2024 Amazon Web Services (AWS) Game Builder Challenge. Powered by Amazon Q Developer and AWS services.

The player must choose the correct colour of the bomb fuse/cord to cut within 30 seconds to prevent the disaster from occurring. 
If, within 30 seconds, the player chooses the correct colour, the incident will be prevented. 
If the selected colour is incorrect or the player fails to select a colour within 30 seconds, the incident will occur as predicted. 
Initially, players will have three sets to choose from: 10, 15, or 20 scenarios. The set of 10 scenarios will have two colours (red and green) for players to select. 
The sets of 15 and 20 will have three and four colours (red, green, yellow, and violet) for players to choose, respectively. The correct cord is unknown. 
For each set, the player has to pass at least 60% to win the game and "save the world". 
There will be a limited number of "helps" that help the players cut the correct bomb fuse and prevent the disaster scenarios in each set.

All scenarios are generated by ChatGPT and listed inside "incidentscenarios.txt". Generative AI generates all photos.

You can access my full blog describing *Disaster Bomb Game* on [AWS Cloud Community](https://community.aws/content/2pbDb5b6lPZIlazd8bwIiOQmcnM/disaster-bomb-game-an-online-survival-game-powered-by-amazon-q).

**Steps to test *Disaster Bomb Game***:
1. Download all files in this repository and store all of them in a folder.
2. Open the folder in VS Code Editor.
3. Install Python and all of its related extensions. Please make sure that Python works in your VS Code Editor properly.
4. Open the file "requirements.txt", then open a new terminal and install the following required libraries (Pygame, Boto3, and Botocore) using commands: `pip install pygame`, `pip install boto3`, and `pip install botocore`.
5. Configure your AWS identity in order to utilize Amazon Q Developer, Amazon S3, and DynamoDB.
6. Run the program and play the game!
